Retire C# 7.0 what's new (#27112)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/tutorials/console-teleprompter.md

Here, in `Main`, the code does synchronously wait. You should use the `await` operator instead of synchronously waiting whenever possible. But, in a console application's `Main` method, you cannot use the `await` operator. That would result in the application exiting before all tasks have completed.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you use C# 7.1 or later, you can create console applications with [`async` `Main` method](../whats-new/csharp-version-history.md#c-version-70).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use C# 7.1 or later, you can create console applications with [`async Main` method](../../fundamentals/program-structure/main-command-line.md#async-main-return-values).
```
